docs: update readme (#3996)
bentoml/BentoML: README.md

  <a href="https://twitter.com/bentomlai"><img src="https://badgen.net/badge/icon/@bentomlai/1DA1F2?icon=twitter&label=Follow%20Us" alt="Twitter" /></a>
  <a href="https://join.slack.bentoml.org"><img src="https://badgen.net/badge/Join/Community/cyan?icon=slack" alt="Community" /></a>
  <p>BentoML is a framework for building <b>reliable, scalable and cost-efficient AI
applications</b>. It comes with everything you need for model serving, application
packaging, and production deployment.</p>
  <i><a href="https://l.bentoml.com/join-slack">👉 Join our Slack community!</a></i>
</div>

# Highlights

### 🏄 Freedom to build with any AI models

* Import from any model hub or bring your own models built with frameworks like PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras, Scikit-Learn, and XGBoost.
* Support [all major ML frameworks](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/frameworks/index.html), model formats, and model runtime.
* Run and debug your BentoML apps locally on Mac, Windows, or Linux.

### 🍭 Simplify modern AI application architecture

> * Python-first design, effortlessly scale complex AI workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Python-first**: Effortlessly scale complex AI workloads. With Python.
```

> * Enable GPU inference with [a one-line config change](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/guides/gpu.html), everything else auto-configured for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Automatic resource allocation**: Enable GPU inference with [a one-line config change](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/guides/gpu.html)
```

> * [Compose multiple models](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/guides/graph.html) to run concurrently or sequentially [over multiple GPUs or Nodes](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/guides/scheduling.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Extensibility**: [Compose multiple models](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/guides/graph.html) to run concurrently/sequentially [over multiple GPUs or Nodes](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/guides/scheduling.html).
```

### 🍱 Bento is the container for AI apps

* Open standard for building AI apps, pack your code, model files, dependencies, and runtime configurations in one [Bento “to-go”](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/concepts/bento.html).
* Auto-generate API servers, supporting REST API, gRPC, and long-running inference jobs.
* Auto-generate Docker container images with just one command.

### 🚀 Deploy Anywhere

* One-click deployment to [☁️ BentoCloud](https://bentoml.com/cloud), the Serverless platform made for hosting AI apps.
* Scalable BentoML deployment with [🦄️ Yatai](https://github.com/bentoml/yatai) on Kubernetes.
* Deploy auto-generated container images anywhere docker runs.

---

## Documentation

* Installation: `pip install bentoml`
* Full Documentation: [docs.bentoml.com](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/)
* Tutorial: [Intro to BentoML](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/tutorial.html)

> ### 🛠️ What you can build with BentoML

Reviewer 2: Should we just link Gallery so we have one place to keep all deployment. We should move these descriptions to to gallery, too. I made a feature request to #design for adding gallery descriptions.
